----------------------
Licensing Of Liquorice
----------------------

This document aims to explain how Liquorice is licensed and why.


-----------------------------------------
The Liquorice License (Executive Summary)
-----------------------------------------

Liquorice is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2,
but with a special exception clause: linking files with Liquorice files does
not cause the non-Liquorice files to become subject to the GPL.  The precise
details of this are laid out in "copying-liquorice".


----------------
A Bit Of History
----------------

Liquorice was originally released under the GNU Lesser General Public License
v2.1, and all releases of Liquorice prior to 18th October 2000 carry this
license.  This had seemed a reasonable solution to allow the use of Liquorice
in non-free embedded applications, whilst ensuring that modifications and
improvements to Liquorice itself would remain freely available.

During September 2000 it was pointed out that clause 6 of the LGPL presented a
significant problem with respect to embedded applications where firmware was
fuse protected.  Having thought about this, it was also evident that the
problem was even more serious for any application that might be built into
a one-time-programmable, mask-ROM or custom ASIC device since by their very
nature they cannot be reprogrammed.

After querying the situation with the Free Software Foundation, their
suggestion was to adopt the license that they use for GUILE.  GUILE is licensed
with the intention of allowing it to be used as a part of non-GPL'd
applications whilst still remaining free itself.

Having reviewed this suggestion it was decided that from 18th October 2000 all
of the files within Liquorice that were previously licensed under the LGPL
should be re-licensed under these terms (GPL plus exception clause).


--------------
Interpretation
--------------

As people tend to be somewhat wary about licensing issues it seems reasonable
to try and provide some guidance as to what the license is intended to allow:

1) You can use the code within Liquorice in exactly the same way as any other
GPL'd software.  The GPL itself describes what this means and many informed
opinions have been published to describe this.

2) The exception clause allows you to link non-GPL'd code with the Liquorice
code without the non-GPL'd part becoming subject to the GPL.

3) Whilst linking Liquorice with non-GPL'd code does not mean that the
non-GPL'd code takes on Liquorice's license, similarly the act of linking does
not mean that Liquorice becomes licensed under any other terms that the
non-GPL'd code may carry (unless suitable written consent with respect to
Liquorice is obtained first).

Generally the aim is that Liquorice may be used in any application, but that
the part of that application that is Liquorice must remain subject to
Liquorice's license.  Modifications and the Liquorice sources on which they
are based must remain freely available to users of that software, etc.

If a new file is created and linked with existing Liquorice files then it will
not need to be subject to Liquorice's license unless a significant part of the
code within that file is copied from files that carry Liquorice's license.
Whilst "significant" is very difficult to define, a reasonable judgement would
be that anything that involves copying a block of more than 10 statements of C
code from a Liquorice file would tend to be significant.  Clearly though this
is just a guideline and the copyright-holder should be consulted if you aren't
too sure.



David J. Hudson
17th October 2000
